Give me all cosmonauts. 
In which country does the Nile start? 
Who was John F. Kennedy's vice president? 
Who is the mayor of Berlin? 
What is the second highest mountain on Earth? 
When was Alberta admitted as province? 
Which countries have more than ten caves? 
Who produces Orangina? 
Who is the youngest player in the Premier League? 
Give me all members of Prodigy. 
What is the longest river? 
Give me all cars that are produced in Germany. 
Is proinsulin a protein? 
How tall is Michael Jordan? 
What is the capital of Canada? 
Who is the governor of Wyoming? 
Who was the father of Queen Elizabeth II? 
Which U.S. state has been admitted latest? 
How many languages are spoken in Turkmenistan? 
Sean Parnell is the governor of which U.S. state? 
Are tree frogs a type of amphibian? 
What is the birth name of Angela Merkel? 
Give me all Methodist politicians. 
How often did Jane Fonda marry? 
Give me all Australian nonprofit organizations. 
Who developed Minecraft? 
What is the melting point of copper? 
Give me all sister cities of Brno. 
How many inhabitants does Maribor have? 
Give me all companies in Munich. 
How tall is Claudia Schiffer? 
List all games by GMT. 
Who founded Intel? 
Who is the husband of Amanda Palmer? 
Give me all breeds of the German Shepherd dog. 
Which cities does the Weser flow through? 
Which countries are connected by the Rhine? 
Which professional surfers were born in Australia? 
What is the average temperature on Hawaii? 
In which UK city are the headquarters of the MI6? 
Who created Goofy? 
Give me all islands that belong to Japan. 
Who invented the zipper? 
What is the ruling party in Lisbon? 
What are the nicknames of San Francisco? 
Which Greek goddesses dwelt on Mount Olympus? 
When were the Hells Angels founded? 
Give me all Apollo 14 astronauts. 
What is the time zone of Salt Lake City? 
Give me the capitals of all countries in Africa. 
Give me a list of all lakes in Denmark. 
How many space missions have there been? 
Did Socrates influence Aristotle? 
Give me all Danish films. 
Give me all launch pads operated by NASA. 
Which instruments does Cat Stevens play? 
Which ships were called after Benjamin Franklin? 
Who are the parents of the wife of Juan Carlos I? 
How many employees does Google have? 
Did Tesla win a nobel prize in physics? 
Is Michelle Obama the wife of Barack Obama? 
When was the Statue of Liberty built? 
In which U.S. state is Fort Knox located? 
How many children did Benjamin Franklin have? 
When did Michael Jackson die? 
List the children of Margaret Thatcher. 
Who was called Scarface? 
Was Margaret Thatcher a chemist? 
Was Marc Chagall a jew? 
Which museum exhibits The Scream by Munch? 
Give me a list of all American inventions. 
How high is the Mount Everest? 
Who created the comic Captain America? 
How many people live in the capital of Australia? 
What is the largest city in Australia? 
Who composed the music for Harold and Maude? 
Is Egypts largest city also its capital? 
Which U.S. state has the abbreviation MN? 
Which movies did Kurosawa direct after Rashomon? 
Give me all B-sides of the Ramones. 
Who painted The Storm on the Sea of Galilee? 
Which country does the creator of Miffy come from? 
For which label did Elvis record his first album? 
How many employees does IBM have? 
Which states border Illinois? 
In which country is the Limerick Lake? 
Which mountain is the highest after the Annapurna? 
Was U.S. president Jackson involved in a war? 
Give me all communist countries. 
Which awards did WikiLeaks win? 
Who is the daughter of Ingrid Bergman married to? 
What is the currency of the Czech Republic? 
Which countries adopted the Euro? 
What is the area code of Berlin? 
Who is the owner of Universal Studios? 
When did Latvia join the EU? 
Which monarchs were married to a German? 
When was the Battle of Gettysburg? 
Which river does the Brooklyn Bridge cross? 
What is the highest mountain in Australia? 
Give me all soccer clubs in Spain. 
What is the official language of Suriname? 
Who is the mayor of Tel Aviv? 
Who designed the Brooklyn Bridge? 
Is Frank Herbert still alive? 
What is the highest place of the Urals? 
Who is the editor of Forbes? 
Give me all companies in the advertising industry. 
How many countries are there in Europe? 
What did Bruce Carver die from? 
Which presidents were born in 1945? 
Give me all federal chancellors of Germany. 
Who was the wife of U.S. president Lincoln? 
Who developed the video game World of Warcraft? 
What is the official website of Tom Cruise? 
Who produced the most films? 
Give me all people with first name Jimmy. 
In which city did John F. Kennedy die? 
Is there a video game called Battle Chess? 
Which mountains are higher than the Nanga Parbat? 
Who created Wikipedia? 
Give me all actors starring in Last Action Hero. 
Is Christian Bale starring in Velvet Goldmine? 
Which actors were born in Germany? 
Which caves have more than 3 entrances? 
Is the wife of president Obama called Michelle? 
Give me all films produced by Hal Roach. 
Which languages are spoken in Estonia? 
How many Aldi stores are there? 
Who was the first president of the United States? 
How many films did Hal Roach produce? 
Give me all books written by Danielle Steel. 
Which airports are located in California, USA? 
Give me all Canadian Grunge record labels. 
Which country has the most official languages? 
In which programming language is GIMP written? 
Who produced films starring Natalie Portman? 
Give me all movies with Tom Cruise. 
Give me all female given names. 
Who wrote the book The Pillars of the Earth? 
How many films did Leonardo DiCaprio star in? 
Give me all soccer clubs in the Premier League. 
In which U.S. state is Mount McKinley located? 
When was Capcom founded? 
Which organizations were founded in 1930? 
What is the highest mountain? 
Was Natalie Portman born in the United States? 
Is Jens Friebe a vegan? 
How often was Michael Jordan divorced? 
What is the most beautiful painting? 
