Give me all cosmonauts. 
When is the movie Worst Case Scenario going to be in cinemas in the Netherlands?
Which German cities have more than 250000 inhabitants?
Who is the mayor of Berlin? 
What is the second highest mountain on Earth? 
When was Alberta admitted as province? 
Give me a list of all bandleaders that play trumpet.
What is the total amount of men and women serving in the FDNY?
Who is the Formula 1 race driver with the most races?
Who is the youngest player in the Premier League? 
What is the longest river? 
Give me all cars that are produced in Germany. 
Is proinsulin a protein? 
What is the capital of Canada? 
Do Prince Harry and Prince William have the same mother?
Which U.S. state has been admitted latest? 
Sean Parnell is the governor of which U.S. state? 
Give me all actors starring in movies directed by William Shatner.
What is the birth name of Angela Merkel? 
How often did Jane Fonda marry? 
In which military conflicts did Lawrence of Arabia participate?
What is the melting point of copper? 
Give me all sister cities of Brno. 
How many inhabitants does Maribor have? 
How tall is Claudia Schiffer? 
Who founded Intel? 
Give me all breeds of the German Shepherd dog. 
Which countries are connected by the Rhine? 
What is the average temperature on Hawaii? 
In which UK city are the headquarters of the MI6? 
Who created Goofy? 
Give me all islands that belong to Japan. 
What are the nicknames of San Francisco? 
When were the Hells Angels founded? 
What is the time zone of Salt Lake City? 
Give me the capitals of all countries in Africa. 
How many space missions have there been? 
Give me all Danish films. 
Which instruments does Cat Stevens play? 
Who are the parents of the wife of Juan Carlos I? 
Did Tesla win a nobel prize in physics? 
Is Michelle Obama the wife of Barack Obama? 
In which U.S. state is Fort Knox located? 
When did Michael Jackson die? 
List the children of Margaret Thatcher. 
Was Margaret Thatcher a chemist? 
Which museum exhibits The Scream by Munch? 
Which books by Kerouac were published by Viking Press?
How high is the Mount Everest? 
How many people live in the capital of Australia? 
Who composed the music for Harold and Maude? 
In which city was the former Dutch queen Juliana buried?
Where is the residence of the prime minister of Spain?
Show me all songs from Bruce Springsteen released between 1980 and 1990.
What is the founding year of the brewery that produces Pilsner Urquell?
Give me all B-sides of the Ramones. 
Which country does the creator of Miffy come from? 
Give me the birthdays of all actors of the television show Charmed.
Which states border Illinois? 
Which television shows were created by Walt Disney?
In which films directed by Garry Marshall was Julia Roberts starring?
Was U.S. president Jackson involved in a war? 
Which awards did WikiLeaks win? 
Which U.S. state has the highest population density?
Which countries adopted the Euro? 
Which countries have more than two official languages?
Through which countries does the Yenisei river flow?
Which monarchs were married to a German? 
Which river does the Brooklyn Bridge cross? 
Give me all soccer clubs in Spain. 
Who is the mayor of Tel Aviv? 
Which telecommunications organizations are located in Belgium?
What is the highest place of the Urals? 
Give me all companies in the advertising industry. 
What did Bruce Carver die from? 
Which presidents were born in 1945? 
Who was the wife of U.S. president Lincoln? 
What is the official website of Tom Cruise? 
Who produced the most films? 
In which city did John F. Kennedy die? 
Which mountains are higher than the Nanga Parbat? 
Give me all actors starring in Last Action Hero. 
Which companies work in the aerospace industry as well as in medicine?
Give me the websites of companies with more than 500000 employees.
Which caves have more than 3 entrances? 
Give me all films produced by Hal Roach. 
Which languages are spoken in Estonia? 
Which capitals in Europe were host cities of the summer olympic games?
How many films did Hal Roach produce? 
Give me all books written by Danielle Steel. 
Which states of Germany are governed by the Social Democratic Party?
Which country has the most official languages? 
Who produced films starring Natalie Portman? 
In which films did Julia Roberts as well as Richard Gere play?
Who wrote the book The Pillars of the Earth? 
Give me all soccer clubs in the Premier League. 
When was Capcom founded? 
What is the highest mountain? 
Which budget did the first movie of Zdenek Sverak have?
How many big fires struck Paris during the Middle Ages?
Is Jens Friebe a vegan? 
How often was Michael Jordan divorced? 
What is the most beautiful painting? 
Give me all animal species that live in the Teutoburg Forest.
